{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19820\viewh14160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Lifetime CP:\
This lifetime CP counts all CP from all categories for the lifetime of the account. (Excludes Group CP)\
This is the total Commitment Points earned for Tasks completed (not including Group CP) for the lifetime of the account\
Does not reset\
\
Daily CP:\
On the home screen there are 3 category cards. Mind, body and soul. on those cards is reads: Daily CP:0 and Max:10. The Daily CP (commitment points) are calculated by the number of tasks that are completed from within that category. inside of each category there are 10 tasks. each task is worth 1 CP each. each task can be completed 1 time per day. once completed the task moves to the completed section and remains there until midnight (reset) or until the user uncompletes the task. The Daily CP feeds the lifetime CP on the homescreen. \
\
\
Group CP:\
Group CP is completely isolated from any other CP. This is a separate Group Commitment Point is separate from any other Commitment Points and only apply to the group it is in. This CP come from completing tasks within a Group.\
\
Group Tasks:\
Group Tasks include different modes in the Settins file\
Single - Tasks can only be completed by 1 group member for the duration of the reset time. Reset time is set by the admin and can be 1 day (midnight), 7 days, or 30 days.\
All - everyone can complete tasks 1 time per the duration of reset time set by the admin.\
\
Group Leaderboard:\
Leaderboard within groups counts whomever has the most Group CP and puts them first on the leaderboard with a modern glowing aura around the user picture and a star by their name. \
\
Group Admins:\
Group creators have the ability to adjust reset time (1 day, 7 days, 30 days), add or remove members, change the group icon picture, \
\
\
Equilibrium / statistics:\
Equilibrium is the calculation of lifetime CP as spread through the 3 categories Mind, Body and Soul.\
The goal of the user is to be as close to 33% in each category as possible. Completing tasks in each category and balancing out commitments to not over index in one category too much over the other.\
\
When you double click on the equilibrium percentage it will show you the total actual number of tasks completed in each category over the lifetime of the account.\
\
}