{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19820\viewh14160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Please ensure this system is functioning properly. Currently I can complete a task and it updates the category card. However the task does not reset at midnight. Instead the completed tasks stay completed even 2 days later. Also the Active days calculation is off. I am showing \'933 days\'94 active for the admin account even though I have logged in everyday for more than 5 days. These issues seem to be related.\
\
\
\
Lifetime CP:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This lifetime CP counts all CP from all categories for the lifetime of the account. (Excludes Group CP)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This is the total Commitment Points earned for Tasks completed (not including Group CP) for the lifetime of the account\
Does not reset\
\
Daily CP:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 On the home screen there are 3 category cards. Mind, body and soul. on those cards is reads: Daily CP:0 and Max:10. The Daily CP (commitment points) are calculated by the number of tasks that are completed from within that category. inside of each category there are 10 tasks. each task is worth 1 CP each. each task can be completed 1 time per day. once completed the task moves to the completed section and remains there until midnight (reset) or until the user uncompletes the task. The Daily CP feeds the lifetime CP on the homescreen. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Group CP:\
Group CP is completely isolated from any other CP. This is a separate Group Commitment Point is separate from any other Commitment Points and only apply to the group it is in. This CP come from completing tasks within a Group.\
\
Group Tasks:\
Group Tasks include different modes in the Settins file\
Single - Tasks can only be completed by 1 group member for the duration of the reset time. Reset time is set by the admin and can be 1 day (midnight), 7 days, or 30 days.\
All - everyone can complete tasks 1 time per the duration of reset time set by the admin.\
\
Group Leaderboard:\
Leaderboard within groups counts whomever has the most Group CP and puts them first on the leaderboard with a modern glowing aura around the user picture and a star by their name. \
\
Group Admins:\
Group creators have the ability to adjust reset time (1 day, 7 days, 30 days), add or remove members, change the group icon picture, \
\
\
Equilibrium / statistics:\
Equilibrium is the calculation of lifetime CP as spread through the 3 categories Mind, Body and Soul.\
The goal of the user is to be as close to 33% in each category as possible. Completing tasks in each category and balancing out commitments to not over index in one category too much over the other.\
\
When you double click on the equilibrium percentage it will show you the total actual number of tasks completed in each category over the lifetime of the account.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Currently when I complete a task it does not change the Daily CP, lifetime CP, equilibirum. and when I refresh the page all tasks (even completed ones) reset back to uncompleted.\
\
\
1. Group admins should be able to delete a group completely\
2. I shoul die able to click on a user from stories and see their user profile with all of their public stories. \
3.I should also be able to subscribe to that user to see any of their subriber only content\
4. When posting a story I should be able to set that story as public, private or subscriber only\
5. Notifications link in drop down - linked to page\
6. Notifications working in the web_app - clicking the notification take you to the activity / story / group\
7. Enhance the group messaging, group stories layouts to be modern and user friendly but sleek and appealing with all the essential features and functionality. \
8. Enhance the stories layout to be modern and user friendly but sleek and appealing with all the essential features and functionality. \
\
\
\
Add a section to the navigation bar at the bottom names \'93Commercial\'94. This is where we will have our full CRM interface. You will need to create a new psotgress database called mybestlife_commercial and this is where you will store all of the CRM data. I need you to build a full CRM suite that can manage client data. For context we have a real estate business that searches for available deals and communicates with potential sellers and buyers. This system will utlimtately be our central location to identify leads, get lead data, and sell services of teaching others how to generate, organize and close leads. Make this as comprehensive as possible with all essential data about the property, location, demographics, sell through likelihood, reccomendations, rating system and all other essential features of a full CRM suite. Make sure the user interface is mobile device friendly and simple to navigate but has all the features.}